README.md, before:

# Derivation of basic machine learning algorithms

These notes are based on Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course on Coursera. The goal is to fill in the mathematical gaps, when needed.

* Notebook 1
  1. [Introduction](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_intro.pdf)
  2. [Linear Regression With One Variable](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_linreg.pdf)
  3. [Linear Regression With Multiple Variables](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_mult_linreg.pdf)
  4. [Logistic Regression](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_logreg.pdf)
  5. [Regularization](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_regularization.pdf)
  6. [Neural Networks](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_nn.pdf)
* Notebook 2
  1. [Neural Networks continued...](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb2_nn.pdf)
  2. [Advice for Applying Machine Learning](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb2_advice.pdf)
  3. [Machine Learning System Design](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb2_sysdesign.pdf)
  4. [Support Vector Machines](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb2_svm.pdf)
* Notebook 3
  1. [Support Vector Machines continued...](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb3_svm.pdf)
  2. [K-Means Clustering](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb3_kmeans.pdf)
  3. [Principal Component Analysis](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb3_pca.pdf)
  4. [Anomaly Detection](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb3_anomaly.pdf)

Commit message:

Added link to typed notes.

README.md, after:

# Derivation of basic machine learning algorithms

These notes are based on Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course on Coursera. They expand on the mathematical derivation of the algorithms covered in the lectures.

### Hand-written notes
* Notebook 1
  1. [Introduction](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_intro.pdf)
  2. [Linear Regression With One Variable](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_linreg.pdf)
  3. [Linear Regression With Multiple Variables](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_mult_linreg.pdf)
  4. [Logistic Regression](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_logreg.pdf)
  5. [Regularization](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_regularization.pdf)
  6. [Neural Networks](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb1_nn.pdf)
* Notebook 2
  1. [Neural Networks continued...](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb2_nn.pdf)
  2. [Advice for Applying Machine Learning](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb2_advice.pdf)
  3. [Machine Learning System Design](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb2_sysdesign.pdf)
  4. [Support Vector Machines](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb2_svm.pdf)
* Notebook 3
  1. [Support Vector Machines continued...](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb3_svm.pdf)
  2. [K-Means Clustering](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb3_kmeans.pdf)
  3. [Principal Component Analysis](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb3_pca.pdf)
  4. [Anomaly Detection](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/hand_written_notes/nb3_anomaly.pdf)

### Typed notes
One goal of this repo is to type up the hand-written notes ([LaTeX](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/main.tex) and [PDF](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/docs/typed_notes.pdf)). Every plot is linked to the Jupyter Notebook that produced it, so that all results can be checked from scratch. For instance, here's a notebook on [feature scaling](https://github.com/siavashaslanbeigi/ml_notes/blob/master/src/grad_des/feature_scaling.ipynb) which produces Figures 16 and 17 in the notes.
